hi people i wanted to give you a little one
give quicktipp with and what you do
can
against dry skin
face and indeed
since forever dry skin and forever
I've been searching for ages
Always been on the right cream
for me that enough moisture
donates my skin nicely taken care of
and I still feel sensitive to it
React if you skin very much
Sensitive quickly reacts with redness
and so on and I never have
really the right cream for me
found
there were a few the train okay but me
I always noticed that evening
my skin gets dry again
had to cream in the afternoon and mine
Keeps skin nice when I make up
have taken has always been my
deposed dry skin and
yes it was not so nice and i have
he never found the cream it
my skin made me
good food in the morning until evening
and now I'm on it and
Although on series and I have a serum
bought very much from old request of the very
and pomegranate very dry skin that
there is rossmann and you wear that
under the day care or under the
normal cream on after cleaning
first serum and because that is fed
About the cream and so I do that
now for a few weeks and it has
my skin picture changed completely
creaming is through after that very much
really nice for my skin until the evening
to keep
I do not get dry anymore
even at the nose not where always so
A critical point was I can make
wear up and it looks nice and
even by the evening it holds by the
my skin is still beautiful
looks and well supplied and plump and
just not so dry and
dried out and it is really through
this serum occurred to me and me
not only for this serum
but generally speak for series
if you have dry skin and so far
have not found a cream you
have donated enough moisture
then a look pause times to get it
There are different brands of
the body shop of everyone
natural cosmetics brand of all sorts
There are series and some are stomach
fished to tighten the skin some
for moisture sensitive skin and
look around you and used
just look under your cream
So what happened to me has it
really improved so much and that's why
I just did not want that for you
withheld but this tip
give with me because for years I knew
nothing of series and have never been with the
thoughts played that are very much mine
I could always change skin
only new krems tested but never
Tried around and I think so
I would have really tested the whole cream
If I can just save a good one
she would have had that under me
give the cream and then it would be faith
I have been good
and yes that's my tip is looking for you
massage you and if you are very very
have dry skin or even if you
sensitive skin has there
different series then against
sensitive euro against redness are
So check it out and it does not have to
the most expensive his age or because
this time will
Thun perhaps for the beginning also about
to test it out and that's it
already from me
I wish you a nice day and
Well cared for the skin I wish you
and we just'll see you in
next video bye